net.minecraft.util.text.ITextComponent getUnformattedComponentText() getUnformattedText()
net.minecraft.network.IPacket net.minecraft.network.Packet
net.minecraft.client.gui.screen.Screen net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreen
net.minecraft.client.gui.screen.ChatScreen net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiChat
net.minecraft.client.Minecraft getInstance() getMinecraft()
net.minecraft.client.Minecraft isOnExecutionThread() isCallingFromMinecraftThread()
net.minecraft.client.entity.EntityPlayerSP getServerBrand() getClientBrand()
net.minecraft.client.entity.player.ClientPlayerEntity net.minecraft.client.entity.EntityPlayerSP
net.minecraft.client.Minecraft gameRenderer entityRenderer
net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderDefault net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderUniform

net.minecraftforge.fml.event.lifecycle.FMLClientSetupEvent net.minecraftforge.fml.common.event.FMLInitializationEvent
net.minecraftforge.fml.common.Loader get() instance()
net.minecraftforge.fml.common.Loader getActiveContainer() activeModContainer()
net.minecraftforge.fml.ModLoadingContext net.minecraftforge.fml.common.Loader
net.minecraftforge.fml.ModContainer net.minecraftforge.fml.common.ModContainer

org.objectweb.asm.tree.ClassNode org.spongepowered.asm.lib.tree.ClassNode
org.objectweb.asm.tree.FieldNode org.spongepowered.asm.lib.tree.FieldNode
org.objectweb.asm.tree.MethodNode org.spongepowered.asm.lib.tree.MethodNode
org.objectweb.asm.tree.LabelNode org.spongepowered.asm.lib.tree.LabelNode
org.objectweb.asm.tree.LineNumberNode org.spongepowered.asm.lib.tree.LineNumberNode
org.objectweb.asm.tree.VarInsnNode org.spongepowered.asm.lib.tree.VarInsnNode
org.objectweb.asm.tree.FieldInsnNode org.spongepowered.asm.lib.tree.FieldInsnNode
org.objectweb.asm.tree.MethodInsnNode org.spongepowered.asm.lib.tree.MethodInsnNode
org.objectweb.asm.tree.InsnList org.spongepowered.asm.lib.tree.InsnList
org.objectweb.asm.tree.InsnNode org.spongepowered.asm.lib.tree.InsnNode
org.objectweb.asm.tree.JumpInsnNode org.spongepowered.asm.lib.tree.JumpInsnNode

org.lwjgl.nanovg.NanoVGGL3 org.lwjgl.nanovg.NanoVGGL2